bpo-47062: Implement asyncio.Runner context manager (#31799)
python/cpython: Doc/library/asyncio-runner.rst

.. currentmodule:: asyncio

=======
Runners
=======

**Source code:** :source:`Lib/asyncio/runners.py`

This section outlines high-level asyncio primitives to run asyncio code.

> They are built on top of :ref:`event loop <asyncio-event-loop>` with the aim to simplify
> async code usage for common wide-spread scenarion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are built on top of an :ref:`event loop <asyncio-event-loop>` with the aim
to simplify async code usage for common wide-spread scenarios.
```

   This function always creates a new event loop and closes it at
   the end.  It should be used as a main entry point for asyncio
   programs, and should ideally only be called once.

   Example::

       async def main():
           await asyncio.sleep(1)
           print('hello')

       asyncio.run(main())

   .. versionadded:: 3.7

   .. versionchanged:: 3.9
      Updated to use :meth:`loop.shutdown_default_executor`.

   .. versionchanged:: 3.10

      *debug* is ``None`` by default to respect the global debug mode settings.

Runner context manager
======================

.. class:: Runner(*, debug=None, factory=None)

   A context manager that simplifies *multiple* async function calls in the same
   context.

   Sometimes several top-level async functions should be called in the same :ref:`event
   loop <asyncio-event-loop>` and :class:`contextvars.Context`.

   If *debug* is ``True``, the event loop will be run in debug mode. ``False`` disables
   debug mode explicitly. ``None`` is used to respect the global
   :ref:`asyncio-debug-mode` settings.

   *factory* could be used for overriding the loop creation.
   :func:`asyncio.new_event_loop` is used if ``None``.

>    Basically, :func:`asyncio.run()` example can be revealed with the runner usage:

Reviewer: "revealed" doesn't seem right here, but I'm not sure what a better suggestion would be.

Author: Let's replace 'revealed' with 'rewritten'  until a better word is suggested.
